---
title: "About"
date: 2022-10-26T21:38:52+08:00
menu: "main"
weight: 100
rss_ignore: true
---

## 🖖 Hi there!

I'm Koh, a mechanical engineering master's degree holder turned embedded software engineer. I know what you're thinking, "How does that even happen?" Well, it all started when I realized that machines are just like humans - they also need a little bit of code to function properly. So, I ditched the mechanical engineering path and dived into the world of software. And boy, am I glad I did!

When I'm not debugging code or attending endless meetings, I love to challenge myself with new projects and tools. I'm also building my personal digital garden - a place where knowledge and ideas can grow and flourish, just like a real garden. And don't worry, I promise not to let any virtual weeds grow in there!

Apart from "coding" and "gardening", I enjoy the great outdoors and photography. You know, there's just something about capturing a stunning landscape that really speaks to my inner. Oh, and let's not forget about my little hobby of buying stocks - I mean, who needs a retirement fund when you can just buy GameStop stock, right?

But at the end of the day, I'm just a simple guy who loves to keep things real. I believe in living in the moment with clarity and honesty, even if it means admitting that I have no idea what I'm doing half of the time.

## 🏕️ About Kohsruhe

During my middle school days I occasionally posted journals on QQ Space, but I rarely wrote anything after undergraduate graduating and going abroad for a master. I still have a desire to express myself, but in the big environment of being swept away by the waves, I just think about it and can’t precipitate and output. During this period, I wrote a public account, but I couldn’t stick to it. It was closed after a long time without updating.

[Kohsruhe](kohsruhe.com) is my first site. This is a static website generated by Hugo, hosted on GitHub.

The site name consists of two words, "Koh" and "Ruhe", the former is my nickname, and the latter is a German word meaning "peace, calm". I hope that through this site I can settle my thoughts and feelings, and find inner peace. Quatsch, well I confess, the name is largely borrowed from "Karlsruhe", the city where I studied in Germany.

The site content is rather messy, it may involve industry technology, essays, life experiences and so on. But I will try to keep it simple, clear, focused and detailed. If you are interested or have questions about some content, please feel free to contact me. 

Thank you for taking time to browse my site, I hope you like it and come back often.